You look so cute! You're so cute!
You're so cute, Onee-chan!
I know, right? Totes cute!
So this is what Shinju's like when she's taking photos.
You should get in the shot next!
Okay!
Refreshing Sweat
I want to get the shot where Shion-chan first becomes Black Lily
and Black Lobelia tries to find out if she's really on her side or not.
Hell yeah!
Is that okay, Onee-chan?
Sure.
Everything's going okay. Even though we're at an abandoned hospital,
there are a lot of us here, so I'm managing.
Let's just keep things going.
Kitagawa-san, no!
Black Lobelia always... has a sad face!
You're smiling too much!
Juju-sama, you are the epitome of cuteness! I can't deal!
I'm super sorry for touching your face.
It's fine.
But seriously, I'm having so much fun right now!
I can't get rid of this stupid grin! Holy crap!
I totally understand! You just can't help but smile!
Well, we have plenty of time.
What are you talking about?
You're goofing off, totally out-of-character and smiling, and it's affecting our photoshoot.
I can't stand this.
You're the type of cosplayer I dislike the most.
What am I even going to do with you?
Episode 10
We've All Got Struggles
Next, let's get some solo shots with you, Marin-san.
Okie dokie!
Wakana Gojo.
Yes?
Thank you very much... for everything you did for Shinju.
Oh, no! It was nothing.
That aside, you probably only had her pay for the raw materials for her outfit, didn't you?
I knew it.
There are other costs involved, like transportation,
but she probably has no idea.
I'm sorry, I'll pay you back myself.
She mentioned she only gets an allowance, so it's all right...
No, it's not. You need to be serious when it comes to money.
But really, thank you so much for looking after Shinju.
I had no idea that she loved Soma-kun so much that she wanted to cosplay him.
There must've been some reason why she couldn't tell me.
I've failed as her older sister.
It wasn't anything you did, Inui-san.
It's just...
It can be really hard to tell others what you love or what you want to do.
It takes a lot of courage.
I can totally relate.
You took something that's so precious to me...
And handled it with so much care and consideration.
You truly are...
Wonderful.
Did you say something?
Nope. Not a thing.
You don't need to hear me say that.
Next, could you slowly look this way?
I got a really great shot of you just now!
F'real?!
Yes!
What's that sound?
Uh, Shinju-chan... Y-Your chest's getting bigger...
Fukudaya My B holder broke!
I just used the lighting from the studio, but that worked out perfectly.
I really love this shot.
You're right. It's a great photo.
She's got the character down and looks great in that outfit.
Yeah. There's a lot more depth, and it's nice.
I thought I felt love at first sight with the outfit Wakana Gojo made...
But I guess that wasn't the only thing.
Was my cosplay too weird after all?
What? No! That's not—
It's just a cosplay that I'd never be able to pull off...
So I got jealous, and couldn't help but stare.
What?!
What's gotten into you? Why did you scream like that?
B-Because you said you were jealous, and that there's a cosplay you couldn't pull off...
What are you talking about? Of course I can't.
But you always look amazing in everything...
That's just because I specifically pick characters
from my favorites that I think I'd be able to cosplay well.
I'd love to cosplay as Black Lobelia or Soma-kun, too...
But with my height, I wouldn't fit the characters.
That's the one thing I never want to do.
It's not like I hate myself,
but I often think, "I wish I were more like this," or "I could've done it if I were..."
If I had a nicer figure like you do, I could do so many other cosplays.
I really am jealous of you, Shinju.
We can't see what they're feeling inside,
but we've all got struggles.
When I...
get into high school, I'm gonna get a part-time job,
save up money... and cosplay.
Really?! That's great! I can't wait!
Yeah!
I spent way too much money this time, so I'll have to save up again.
But, you know... Today was more exhausting than usual.
I definitely prefer doing photoshoots with just you.
Today was enough group cosplay for me.
I... actually had fun.
I'm so glad we did this group cosplay.
W-Well, I guess it wasn't too bad.
I guess I wouldn't mind doing it again sometime, when I feel like it.
Marin Kitagawa Audio
Hello?
Gojo-kun! Did Shinju-chan send you the files?
Didja see 'em?!
I'm looking at them right now. They're all very nice.
I know, right?!
I'm so hyped that I'm actually watching "Blaze!!" right now!
Neon's Past Revealed! The Meaning Behind Lobelia
She's watching it again...
More importantly, Gojo-kun, this was your first time doing a guy's makeup, right?
How'd you even do that? You're like a god!
Guy or Girl Makeup & Wigs Get the Face That You Want
Do It Yourself Makeup Techniques
Learn how to look like the opposite sex with makeup today!!
Oh, no. I just read a magazine on how to do cosplay makeup.
Uh, I've read 'em, too, but I can't do it like that.
Juju-sama was uber cute and Shinju-chan was insanely hot. I had the best time!
I was like, "I guess Shinju-chan wanted to cosplay after all."
Don't cry, Neon!
Everyone's better off if I'm not around.
It seemed like she had tons of fun.
Yes, it really did.
That's your uniform, right, Gojo-kun?
Yes.
When she told me how she felt, it was totally relatable,
so I wanted to help her out any way I could.
Gojo-kun, you wanted to cosplay, too?!
Huh?!
You should've just told me! Was it hard to bring up?
Whatever you wanted to cosplay wouldn't have weirded me out!
U-Um, that's not what I meant...
By the way, I had no idea you were preparing that Soma-kun cosplay!
When did you even plan that?
Oh, actually... After we looked around the studio that one day,
I had her come over, and we started getting ready.
That's not true, Neon! You three have been best friends forever!
I thought so, too...
But after seeing how those two look at each other...
Just the two of you?
Yes.
She was embarrassed, so she asked me to keep it a secret.
Oh, I see... Right. Of course. Yup. Right.
I'm such an idiot...
Neon, no! Your jewel will become tainted,
and you won't be able to become a magical girl anym—
Hello? Kitagawa-san? Is something wrong?
Academy for Girls The Young Ladies of the Humiliation Club: Debauched Miracle Life 2
Power Recordings Blue Program Guide Nope. Not a thing.
Summer vacation's the best!
I have plenty of time to practice painting the dolls' faces and making Kitagawa-san's cosplay.
There she is!
She's so awesome! I can't!
How can you not fall for her when you see this?
Veronica-tya!
"Tya"?
She's tan, has shark teeth, her disgusted stare,
her face is genius!
And that underboob! Nothing beats her underboob!
Seeing such plump, healthy underboob makes you healthier, too.
It's awesome.
What does that even mean?
I can make this outfit pretty quickly.
For real?! Let's do it!
But what should we do about her skin tone?
Should we try retouching it digitally?
Great idea!
I finished pretty quickly this time.
Maybe it's because the design's so simple.
Shizuku-tan, Black Lily, and Black Lobelia...
To think that there are so many different designs in the world...
I never would've known if I hadn't tried to make cosplays...
Gojo-kun!
Coming.
It must be pretty hot out there.
Did you want something cold to drink—
Thanks! Yeah, I'll totally take a drink!
It's blazing hot out here. I'm sweatin' like a pig!
Uh... You're so tan!
How'd you get so tan?!
Oh, this?
I totally got tanned for Veronica-tya!
You just go for it!
JK! I'm totally kidding.
This is actually foundation that you can apply to your whole body.
I didn't know they had one like that.
Oh, yeah. Sorry for asking, but could I use your shower?
I'm way too sweaty. Like, yikes.
Sure.
Thanks! You're the best.
It's so hot!
Yikes! This sweat's disgusting.
I need to be careful or I'm seriously gonna get heatstroke.
I heard you can even get it at home.
Crazy.
Kitagawa-san.
You don't have a change of clothes, do you?
I'll leave some right in front of the door, if you don't mind wearing my clothes.
For real? You sure?
More importantly, you're not gonna sneak a peek, Gojo-kun?
I absolutely will not!
My bad. But if we were in a manga right now, you'd totally sneak a look!
And I'd be, like, "Eek! Gojo-kun, you perv!"
Please don't joke like that!
Jeez, I'm totally giving you crap!
So good!
Thanks for letting me take a shower. I feel so much better.
It's fine...
Gojo I know that I'm the one who let her borrow it...
But Kitagawa-san's in my PE uniform... Gojo
My clothing...
And she's using our body soap, so she even smells like me.
What... What is this feeling inside me?
Gojo-kun, are you turning red?
I-I think you're just imagining it...
Okay, then. But look at these.
This is the foundation I used earlier and some white mascara!
Now I'll be able to have Veronica-tya's eyelashes, too!
Oh, so this is it. Sorry to have you buy these.
No problem at all! All I can do is buy stuff, so it's the least I can do!
And here are her chains!
These were 800 yen in the Halloween section! Talk about a steal!
Plus, they're way lighter than they look. It's crazy!
I'mma go ahead and slip these on.
What's this?
Add some flavor into your home Change up your room
Backdrop Sheet Oh, did this catch your eye?
It's basically wallpaper that's like a giant removable decal.
You go like this, and... ta-dah!
Doesn't this part sorta look like a prison now? I'm a genius!
It does change things up quite a bit.
They had all kinds of designs, so we could probably do any background!
Oh, yeah. I tried to look for some teeth, but all I could find were canines.
We might have to digitally edit in those front teeth.
I made the teeth for you.
Uh, did I jump into a horror movie just now?
I looked it up,
and you can make these from fake nails at the 100 yen store,
so I gave it a try.
Whoa, dude! Can I try 'em on?
Go ahead.
How do they fit?
And done!
Well? How doof I wook?
Wow! Amazing! They look amazing!
They look way more natural than I thought they would!
Dude, too loud again.
Oh, sorry. I was just really worried about how they'd turn out.
It is pretty exciting, right? I totally get it.
Okay, lemme get changed.
I need to get this foundation on first...
Gojo-kun, could you help me get some on my back later?
It was super hard earlier.
"Seeing such plump, healthy underboob makes you healthier, too."
I see. I think... I understand now.
I see.
Uh, hello?!
Your face is bright red! Did you get heatstroke?!
Huh?
Oh, no! What do we do?!
No, I'm totally fine... L-Let's get you some water—
Ow! I totally hit my head!
A-A-A-A-Are you okay?!
Now I can't get my wig on!
Veronica-tya... you'll have to wait another day.
Why are you so freaked out?
I-I-I never really come to Shibuya... so I feel out of place.
Dude, you're totally fine!
Wh-What are we buying today?
A clothing shop?
Yup!
But isn't this... a men's apparel shop?
You seemed pretty worried before that this was your only outfit.
So...
Let's buy you some clothes!
I'll be your stylist!
Do you have any styles you like?
Um... Not particularly.
I'm not exactly sure how to pick out clothes.
Starting from zero, huh?
All right. Let's just try on a bunch.
What about this? Go ahead and try it on.
Excuse me, sir!
Yes?
Are you done?
N-Not yet.
Can I sneak a peek?
P-Please, not yet!
Dude, she's insanely hot.
Is the guy in there her boyfriend? Nah, no way...
I-I'm done.
Ooh, lemme see!
What's with the formality? Is he an underclassman?
Hey, that looks great on you!
I wanna die just looking at him!
Let me know if you need anything!
Ah, yeah...
Okay, got it. I'll bring you some other things, so try 'em on, okay?
Holy crap. What am I supposed to do?
I totally wuv him in every single one!
But seriously, what the eff?!
He looks mad hot in every single one!
How can I choose?!
A guy that looks hot in everything actually exists?!
I mean, he's right in front of me.
I seriously can't right now! Can't! Can't! Can't!
I love him so much! I wuv you! Gojo-kun, I wuv you to death!
Kitagawa-san, can I take this off now?
Huh?! Why, though?!
I f-feel really uncomfortable.
It's a really nice shirt that I wouldn't usually wear, so...
For real?
Then how about a plain ol' T-shirt?
Not so intimidating, right?
Right... It's super cute, so I'll try on the same one.
Wouldn't it be too big for you?
I actually wear men's sizes any time I wanna wear baggy clothes.
I had no idea...
And... If Gojo-kun ends up liking this shirt,
I'll be able to match with the boy that I wuv!
For real?!
You'd seriously do that?!
Gawd, you're embarrassing!
How hilarious!
Did you put it on, Gojo-kun?
Y-Yes... I'm gonna wear it like this!
What about you, Gojo-kun?
You likey?
I likey... Dude, your face! You're a hella bad liar!
That'd probably look good on you, too!
Why are you that freaked?
I'm getting a bit hungry.
Wanna take a break somewhere and have a little snack?
Shibuya Shop Chuka Soba Like ramen!
Ramen is a "little" snack?!
Shibuya Center Gai
I'm sorry... And you picked out so many options for me, too.
Oh, it's totally fine.
What can ya do if none of them felt right?
Oh, yeah. The bump on my head's gone down,
so when should we do Veronica-tya's cosplay?
I'll have to pass.
You'll have to do that one yourself, Kitagawa-san.
Huh?
Why, though?
I can't cosplay without you, Gojo-kun.
What are you even talking about?
Explain it to me!
I'm sorry, I just can't this time.
It's my fault.
I hadn't thought about what might happen when you put it on...
Compared to all the other cosplays...
Y-Your chest...
The amount of fabric on it is far less than before!
Sushi Toto Japan Mugi suke So I won't be able to look.
God!
Hey—
You made it sound all serious, so I didn't know what to expect!
Ohmigod, stop! That's why?!
You scared the crap outta me!
So, you got all embarrassed thinking about my underboob?
Jeez, you little perv!
Kitagawa-san! Y-You're being too loud!
Well...
I guess Veronica-tya does show a lot of skin...
Yes, very much so.
I didn't really think about it when I saw her in the game.
I'll put more thought into the next character I choose.
I'm very sorry about this.
But...
You did go through the trouble of making that cosplay, so maybe I'll wear it at home.
Oh, yes. Please, go right ahead.
Want me to send you a pic of me wearing it?
Wait—I-I-I... Dude, I'm totally kidding!
I won't send it, dummy.
Episode 11
I Am Currently at a Love Hotel Next time.